A caller says they can't sign in.
p02
Before you change a thing, fix the order in your head.
p03
Cheapest checks first, because two of them clear most of these tickets.
p04
And in the demo tenant, you never reset a password.
p05
Start with the three fields.
p06
Every WashCentral sign-in wants an email, a password, and a tenant code.
p07
That third one is where logins quietly fail.
p08
A wrong tenant code sends a perfectly good account to the wrong company's data,
p09
and nothing happens.
p10
Confirm the tenant before you ever suspect the password.
p11
Now one question.
p12
Did this client come from WashAssist?
p13
If so, their login never changed.
p14
Same username, same password, same tenant.
p15
A migrated user who can't get in is almost never a credentials problem.
p16
Have them try their old login first, and you may have skipped a reset you shouldn't be making.
p17
Open System Users, under Settings.
p18
This is the master list of everyone who can sign in.
p19
Eight columns, and four of them answer a login ticket by themselves.
p20
There's a search across the top, and a New Record button you leave alone.
p21
We're only reading here.
p22
First, does the account even exist?
p23
Search by name, code, or email instead of scrolling a long list.
p24
No match usually means the wrong tenant again, or a user who was never finished being set up.
p25
And if the rows won't load, that's the data service, not an empty tenant.
p26
Read the Active column.
p27
If it's switched off, the account can't sign in, full stop.
p28
And to the caller, a disabled account looks exactly like a bad password.
p29
Re-enabling it is an admin's job in production, not yours in the demo.
p30
Next column: S-S-O.
p31
If that reads yes, the password doesn't even live in WashCentral.
p32
It's held by the identity provider.
p33
Reset it here and nothing changes.
p34
So stop the password thread and send it to the single sign-on integration page instead.
p35
Then Last Login.
p36
A recent date tells you the account works,
p37
so today's failure is probably a typo or the tenant code.
p38
A blank tells you it never signed in, which fits a setup that was never finished.
p39
One column, and you know whether this ever worked.
p40
Last check.
p41
Open the Audit menu, then User Activity.
p42
Failed logins show up as one tile at the top, a count for the whole tenant.
p43
There is no per user failure column, so read the caller's own row instead:
p44
status, last login, logins this month.
p45
A quiet row during a tenant wide spike points back at the tenant code,
p46
and the event by event trail lives next door in the Audit Log.
p47
By now you know whether a reset is even the fix.
p48
You don't do it here.
p49
In production there are two doors:
p50
the user resets themselves with Forgot Password,
p51
or an admin resets it from that user's own record.
p52
If it's a single sign-on account, it's neither.
p53
That fix lives with the identity provider.
p54
If none of that lands it, escalate clean.
p55
Username, tenant, the timestamps of the failures,
p56
and screenshots with anything sensitive masked.
p57
Never the password.
p58
The next tier should be able to reproduce it without calling the customer back.
p59
That's the whole flow.
p60
Three fields and the tenant code.
p61
The migration question.
p62
Then System Users for active, single sign-on, and last login.
p63
Then User Activity for the failures.
p64
A reset only in production, or a clean escalation.
p65
Cheap checks first, every time, and nothing in the demo touched.